I mean I kind of I this outdoor video up
in the two things because it's got a
great outdoor kitchen we saw that the
bunk room back there and below that bunk
we've got a wonderful full-size kitchen
a little bit about the Bullitt premier I
mean obviously up front here it is just
a beautiful product there's more to it
than look so tell me Nick what what's
the feature this is a one-piece molded
fiberglass cap you told us earlier as a
quarter-inch thick so I mean that's we
as opposed to like a laminated cap we're
just rolls is just rolled fiberglass
this is a one-piece fiberglass cap tell
us a little bit the advantages that this
offers like you said it's molded
fiberglass so it's molded into that
shape
there's no flexing of that like you
would find in a file on skin where they
we wrap it over the front of a trailer
where it's flat to begin with and it
wants to go back flat during travel this
is molded in this shape so it's not
going to want to flex back to flat as
well as it's a true cap the meaning of
that word is it actually caps the front
end of the trailer so it's overlapping
the sidewall as well as on the roof that
should prevent pretty much any any leak
that you find on a lot of other
competing brands on the front end of
their trailers I mean I look at some
brands out there oh we've got a cap on
theirs I mean I think it's fun finder
out there where there's a couple brands
out there I don't want to throw anybody
under the bus where they just it still
seems on the front they put a little ABS
cap on it but we're still seaming on the
front of that right yeah a lot of times
you'll see that on some of the
competitors products they still have the
diamond plate down here and then just a
little ABS sticker
cap but they still have the seam on the
corner they don't have that overlap over
the sidewall and there's also a seam in
between that that diamond plate and that
ABS sticker we're here obviously you're
not going to have that that leak
potential yep tongue Jack Electric
tongue jack on the front twin Pony prom
twin 20-pound tanks on the front as well
and we've got spot here for two
batteries up front here as well so let's
do this we're gonna scoot around the
side and we'll take a look at the the
outside kitchen on this and real quickly
Josh can you catch this from the video
we got the slam latches on this so that
you have the little turn knobs anymore
it's real slam latches on this really
nice already this is what sells this
floorplan here is you
see here we've got the outside kitchen
but it's a true outside kitchen
full-size I mean you being a taller guy
you still can get underneath this tell
us a little bit what this offers
compared to a traditional ultralight a
lot of the competition out there has the
shorter outside kitchen which means they
have the smaller two cubic foot
refrigerator versus a four as well as
having just a little pullout sink with
the the cheap generic spray faucet where
here we have a fully plumb sink with a
drain with a drain yeah and hot and cold
water yeah outside barbecue excuse me
outside cook station right here you want
to make omelets in the morning or that
sort of things I've got a roomie to plug
something in right here as well I mean
it's a cool cooking station all the way
around even has a light up there still
that same high quality cabinets back
here as well I mean that if you open
that up there we can put our we can put
things like bread in there if we want
hamburger rolls hot dog rolls that sort
of items you can leave it out here or
you're not trekking we're taking the
camping outside basically just real
quickly Josh can you catch this we've
got the outside sewer tank flush Nick
you guys I think you're just might've
been the first trailer I've seen with
one of these on it tell us a little bit
on how that works and what that feature
the benefit is of that feature
absolutely that's actually built inside
the black tank and there's high pressure
jets basically you take that little
cover off and you thread a hose on there
we when you dump your tanks that water
will spray the inside of that tank and
prevent toilet paper or anything else
from building up on the inside yeah I
mean I look it's just our normal water
hose that we use for filling our trip we
just plug it on there gives us a good
clean out of that tank because a lot of
times I've dumped my tank and sensor
still reads 1/3 full but I know she's
empty but it's just that waste is built
up in the tank spread axle I mean this
is a you guys have gone to something
here on this particular floor plant -
we're using full-size tires as well
absolutely
yeah those are 15 inch tiles on our
tires on this floor plan and that wide
stance is very important especially on
ultralight going by semis or high winds
on the highway it's not going to blow
that trailer all over the road behind
you it's going to be a lot more
comfortable towing experience
let me can go on little things Electric
awnings outside speakers one thing I do
want to point out in Josh can you catch
that window above here we'll just tilt
this down for a sec frameless windows
yeah you guys were the first ones in the
industry would that tell us Nick you
told me an advantage of that today is
this saving the seals on these yes
absolutely on a standard window in an RV
your frame in the the rubber seal around
that that window is exposed to the Sun
and elements we're here this pane is
actually keeping that Sun from damaging
that that frame Josh can you scan over
this is an open range over here you know
this is a use when we have on our yard
but you can see how that how that could
be damaged by the sunlight and what ends
up happening is that rubber start
shrinking from the UV lights over time
we're on this as we look back here that
the the seal four is underneath that
tinted safety glass out of the UVA out
of the UV rays so we've got these
stabilizers that come down on the back
as well but hey Nick thanks for your
time thank you and I appreciate you
coming by today I'm gonna show them one
cool thing up front that I forgot to
mention here but I appreciate you
stopping in all right thank you wrapping
you this up today guys real quickly the
Bullitt premier is Keystone's high end
ultralight travel trail I want to give a
special thanks to Nick for coming in
today and remember when you're looking
for rvs Pete's RV Center is the place we
stocking a thousand units today so look
for us we've got great prices on all our
units we shipped directly to your home
or you can come pick it up at one of our
stores and as always Pete's RV centers
your local internet dealer thanks for
watching Pete's RV TV today